Update README.md (#2186)
huggingface/trl: README.md

### From source

> If you want to use the latest features before an official release you can install them from the source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the latest features before an official release, you can install TRL from source:
```

> If you want to use the latest features before an official release you can install them from the source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access the latest features before an official release, install TRL directly from the source repository:
```
